hey guys this is matt going to that
nikon guy it's been a really busy couple
of weeks working to get the new website
up and running i hope you've had a
chance to check it out i'm filming this
on the friday the website has literally
just gone live 10 minutes ago i just
shared the link on the vet nakhon guy
facebook group and checking out the
analytics very cool it shows you real
time now so we've got a whole eight
people on there huger know all coming
from facebook and it's showing us where
in the world they're coming from so
really interesting stuff anyway I wanted
to just take you for a walk through the
site so you can see what's where and
that kind of thing when you first jump
in and take a look so we've been doing
so much work on it let me just check
that at some I've got it refreshed on
the latest version um so yeah this is
the new home for that Nick on gaiaonline
all of the YouTube clips will be coming
up under here along with some special
and exclusive content and some more
information in the with the videos so i
love you do you know come and check out
the videos here you can still see them
in all their glory on the site just like
on YouTube and as I introduced in the
video yesterday or actually what's about
to go live in about seven minutes time
get your gear out the new campaign all
about you know making use of all that
fantastic equipment you have whether
it's a basic kit or a really advanced
kit actually getting out there and
making some great images you can sign up
to the newsletter here just pop in your
name here email here and click Subscribe
we haven't got it all one hundred
percent just yet you won't get a
confirmation but you will instantly get
an email to your account asking you to
click and verify that you did subscribe
soon as you click that it'll bring you
back to the website and then you should
have the first email welcoming you to
the newsletter in your inbox check your
spam folder if it doesn't come through
and make sure you enable it to come
through and i'll be sending out regular
emails not all the time but maybe a few
times a month to start off
from May onwards I'll be doing they get
your gear out monthly challenge but for
this month I'll just be doing some tips
and techniques that are going to be
related actually to the April
competition which I'll be announcing
very soon so stay tuned for that video
it's going to be a fabulous competition
I can't tell you too much just yet but
you're going to want to get involved
it's amazing what we've got up for grabs
this month and big thanks to 0 vector
Bella pers working around the clock to
get this live you know what may look
like a simple website that whole lot of
work goes into it and i really want to
bolster this and keep growing the
community as a place for everyone from
all walks of life and whatever
photographic equipment you're using to
come together and share your learning
and development and you know really
enjoy the process of photography for
what it is thanks guys check out the
site sign up for the newsletter and i'll
see you soon this is matt granger that
nicole guy now let's check out those
analytics again woo up to 14 and we
still haven't watched that video yet 15
oh we're gonna have to get more
bandwidth you that would have caught bed
with ya